your dad was traveling so much that year
that he maybe this video how's the
undoing I miss my little man I'm telling
you Nicole that kid is something special
[Music]
you're such a special kid you're
charming smart very handsome Pat said
you were asking about your dad my mom
won't um will happen just as a little
storm
think it's happening to you
[Music]
you should figure out how to get it
under control how long do you think you
can keep this up
the government was tracking people who
got super bearers
I know a few things about Diondra
the storms are drawn to yourself
where's my son ma'am we're in white
you can me you would be
[Music]
you